Add some more details (#11)
dortania/OpenCore-Desktop-Guide: installer-guide/mac-install.md

* Supported version: 0.5.7

While you don't need a fresh install of macOS to use OpenCore, some users prefer having a fresh slate with their boot manager upgrades.
This guide works for a release of you choice as long as it is listed in the catalog

**Note for legacy users**

> * To use OpenCore on an older system with no UEFI (Plain Bios):

Reviewer: > * To use OpenCore on an older system with no UEFI (Plain Bios):

Prefer this:
`* To use OpenCore on an older system with no UEFI support (Plain BIOS):`

> 1. First follow the [Legacy Install](https://dortania.github.io/OpenCore-Desktop-Guide/extras/legacy.html) section

Reviewer: Don't link to the site itself, please link to the file instead:
`[Legacy Install](/extras/legacy.md)`
This prevents the site from breaking if domains ever change

2. Once completed, continue the guide at the **Base folder structure** section

* If you are making an OpenCore bootable stick skip this section and head to **Formatting the USB**

## Downloading macOS

> From a Mac OS machine that meets the requirements of the OS version you want to install, go directly to the Appstore and download the desired OS release the continue and continue to **Setting up the installer**

Reviewer: Being picky but I'd like to use macOS, not Mac OS to fit with the branding better
> go directly to the Appstore and download the desired OS release the continue and continue to **Setting up the installer**

Think you made a typo, should look like this:
`go directly to the AppStore and download the desired OS, then continue to [**Setting up the installer**](/installer-guide/mac-install.md#setting-up-the-installer)`

> For machines that cannot download from the Appstore an image or for specific OS releases please use the GibMacOS utility.

Reviewer: > For machines that cannot download from the Appstore an image or for specific OS releases please use the GibMacOS utility.

I'd prefer this:
`For machines that cannot download from the AppStore or are in need for a specific OS release, you can use the GibMacOS utility.`

Reviewer 2: `For machines that need a specific OS release or can't download from the AppStore, you can use the GibMacOS utility.` might be better @khronokernel 
This sentence is sort of awkward though.

Reviewer: Ah yeah that's better

> Now lets grab [GibMacOS](https://github.com/corpnewt/gibMacOS), unzip on a local directory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Now let's grab [GibMacOS](https://github.com/corpnewt/gibMacOS) and unzip to a local directory.
```

Open a terminal window in the /gibMacOS/master directory and at the prompt run with "sudo" the `gibMacOS.command`: sudo gibMacOS.command

![](/images/installer-guide/mac-install-md/gib.png)

> By default you get a list of the latest macOS installers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, you get a list of the latest macOS installers.
```

If you need beta versions of macOS, you can select `C. Change Catalog` which will give you additional options.
In this example we will be installing Catalina and we will enter 1 at the prompt:

![](/images/installer-guide/mac-install-md/gib-process.png)

This is going to take a while as we're downloading the entire 8GB+ macOS installer, so highly recommend reading the rest of the guide while you wait.

Once the download is finished exit the utility but do no close the terminal window

> At the prompt run with "sudo" the utility `BuildmacOSInstallApp.command`: sudo BuildmacOSInstallApp.command

Reviewer: > At the prompt run with "sudo" the utility `BuildmacOSInstallApp.command`: sudo BuildmacOSInstallApp.command

Don't forget to put 3 grave accents around the command (```)

Reviewer 2: Might be better as "At the prompt, run `sudo BuildmacOSInstallApp.command`" to run the BuildmacOSInstallApp.command". Or even just as "At the prompt, run `sudo BuildmacOSInstallApp.command`".

Reviewer 4: Since when was `sudo` required? I don't recall needing it.

![](/images/installer-guide/mac-install-md/gib-location.png)

You will be prompted for the macOS installer files which were downloaded to the `macOS Downloads` folder in GibMacOS.
From the Finder drill down to the folder containing the downloaded files and either drag it to the command line or "command+c" and paste it to the command line.

Once the task is completed exit the utility
You will find the Install file in the directory
Move the newly created image to Applications folder. It will simplify the next section.

![](/images/installer-guide/mac-install-md/gib-done.png)

## Setting up the installer

> Note. Be aware that in some instances you may need a USB 2.0 stick and/or port.

Reviewer: That's a port limit/missing ACPI definition issue, which are solved with XhciPortLimit and USBInjectAll on older firmwares

Reviewer 5: > That's a port limit/missing ACPI definition issue, which are solved with XhciPortLimit and USBInjectAll on older firmwares

Temporarily*

> Make sure that there are no partitions in the stick.

Reviewer: Seems a bit redundant as we're formatting the USB anyways, I don't think it's needed
